Add notice for language switcher documentation (#731)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: book/localization.rst

    {% endfor %}
    </ul>

.. important::

>     To be able to see all languages in language switcher you need to add all of these languages
>     to corresponding section in `<urls>`.
>     See :doc:`../book/webspaces` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``localizations`` variable contains the page URLs based on the URLs configured in 
    the  ``<urls>`` section of your webspace. Have a look at :doc:`../book/webspaces` for
    more information about the webspace configuration.
```
